add doc for feature LoadBalancerIPMode (#43476)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

with an optional prefix such as "`internal-vip`" or "`example.com/internal-vip`".
Unprefixed names are reserved for end-users.

#### Specifying IPMode of load balancer status {#load-balancer-ip-mode}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.29" state="alpha" >}}

> Starting with Kubernetes 1.29 in alpha, a feature gate named `LoadBalancerIPMode` allows you to set the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting as Alpha in Kubernetes 1.29, a feature gate named `LoadBalancerIPMode`
allows you to set the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` 
```

Reviewer 2: Even better: hyperlink “feature gate” to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/

> for a Service with `type` set to `LoadBalancer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a LoadBalancer Service.
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer the author's text here @tengqm 
See https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/43476/files#r1359480804

> `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves, and may only be specified when the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ip` field is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves,
and may be specified only when the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ip` field is also specified.
```

> You can set for `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` with two possible values "VIP" and "Proxy". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two possible values for `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode`: "VIP" and "Proxy". 
```

> The default value is "VIP".
> Setting this to "VIP" indicates that traffic is delivered to the node 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is "VIP" meaning that traffic is delivered to the node 
```

with the destination set to the load-balancer's IP and port.
Setting this to "Proxy" indicates that traffic is delivered to the node or pod 

> with the destination set to the node's IP and node port or the pod's IP and port.

Reviewer: Better explicitly state when the traffic is routed to the node's IP and node port,
and when it is routed to the Pod's IP and port. Maybe related to whether a NodePort
is allocated?

Author: @tengqm Thanks a lot for your suggestions. I've added an explicit statement for this.

with an optional prefix such as "`internal-vip`" or "`example.com/internal-vip`".
Unprefixed names are reserved for end-users.

#### Specifying IPMode of load balancer status {#load-balancer-ip-mode}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.29" state="alpha" >}}

Starting as Alpha in Kubernetes 1.29, a [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) named `LoadBalancerIPMode` allows you to set the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` 
for a Service with `type` set to `LoadBalancer`.

> The `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves, and may be specified only when the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ip` field is also specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves.
It may be specified only when the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ip` field is also specified.
```

There are two possible values for `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode`: "VIP" and "Proxy". 
The default value is "VIP" meaning that traffic is delivered to the node 
with the destination set to the load-balancer's IP and port.
There are two cases when setting this to "Proxy" depend on how load-balancer delivers the traffic by cloud provider:

+ If the traffic is delivered to the node then DNATed to the pod, the destination would be set to the node's IP and node port;

> + If the traffic is delivered directly to the pod, the destination would be set to the pod's IP and port.

Reviewer: We use `-` for bullets, although `+` is technically correct.

with an optional prefix such as "`internal-vip`" or "`example.com/internal-vip`".
Unprefixed names are reserved for end-users.

#### Specifying IPMode of load balancer status {#load-balancer-ip-mode}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.29" state="alpha" >}}

Starting as Alpha in Kubernetes 1.29, 
a [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) 
named `LoadBalancerIPMode` allows you to set the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` 
for a Service with `type` set to `LoadBalancer`.
The `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves, and may be specified 
only when the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ip` field is also specified.

There are two possible values for `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode`: "VIP" and "Proxy". 
The default value is "VIP" meaning that traffic is delivered to the node 
with the destination set to the load-balancer's IP and port.

> There are two cases when setting this to "Proxy" depend on how load-balancer delivers the traffic by cloud provider:

Reviewer: “the traffic by cloud provider”？ what do you mean?

Author: How about “depend on how load-balancer which created by cloud provider delivers the traffic” or just remove the “by cloud provider”？

> There are two cases when setting this to "Proxy" depend on how load-balancer delivers the traffic by cloud provider: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two cases when setting this to "Proxy" depend on how the load-balancer
from the cloud provider delivers the traffics: 
```

with an optional prefix such as "`internal-vip`" or "`example.com/internal-vip`".
Unprefixed names are reserved for end-users.

#### Specifying IPMode of load balancer status {#load-balancer-ip-mode}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.29" state="alpha" >}}

Starting as Alpha in Kubernetes 1.29, 

> a [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) 
```

named `LoadBalancerIPMode` allows you to set the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` 
for a Service with `type` set to `LoadBalancer`. 
The `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode` specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves. 
It may be specified only when the `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ip` field is also specified.

There are two possible values for `.status.loadBalancer.ingress.ipMode`: "VIP" and "Proxy". 
The default value is "VIP" meaning that traffic is delivered to the node 
with the destination set to the load-balancer's IP and port. 

> There are two cases when setting this to "Proxy" depend on the load-balancer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two cases when setting this to "Proxy", depending on how the load-balancer 
```
